CampusNetDAO – IPFS Manifest & Data Integrity Record
1. Purpose

This document establishes the official IPFS backup and reference points for all CampusNetDAO governance and operational documents.
It ensures immutability, traceability, and proof-of-existence for DAO-related files, token metadata, and governance frameworks.

2. IPFS Hosting Policy

All core DAO documents must be mirrored to IPFS immediately after approval or publication.
Each file hash must be logged in the DAO Changelog and verified through at least one trusted pinning service.

Approved IPFS Pinning Providers

Pinata – https://www.pinata.cloud

Web3.Storage – https://web3.storage

Filebase – https://filebase.com

3. IPFS Reference Table
Document	Version	IPFS CID	SHA256 Checksum	Date Uploaded	Verified By
Whitepaper.pdf	v1.0	TBD	TBD	TBD	CampusNet DAO Governance
Governance Framework.md	v1.0	TBD	TBD	TBD	Governance Council
Future Roadmap.md	v1.0	TBD	TBD	TBD	Core Team
README.md	v1.0	TBD	TBD	TBD	DAO Admin
changelog.md	v1.0	TBD	TBD	TBD	Community Verification Node
4. Versioning & Update Policy

Every approved governance modification, tokenomics change, or policy update must be logged in changelog.md.

A corresponding new CID must be created and pinned to IPFS.

Outdated files are never deleted — they remain as immutable references for compliance and audit purposes.

When publishing a new version:

Increment the version number (v1.0 → v1.1, etc.)

Update the checksum and CID.

Record changes in the changelog.md.

5. Governance Hash Registry (Future Integration)

The DAO intends to develop a Solana-based Governance Hash Registry contract that:

Anchors each new file’s IPFS CID to the blockchain.

Validates document authenticity via on-chain checksum matching.

Provides permanent, censorship-resistant proof of DAO decisions.

6. Access & Verification

All verified IPFS links will be published on:

The DAO’s official GitHub repository

CampusNetDAO documentation portal

Discord #governance-updates channel

Community members and auditors can manually verify CIDs using:

ipfs cat <CID>


Or validate file integrity using:

sha256sum <filename>

7. Responsibility Matrix
Role	Responsibility
Governance Council	Approves document updates before upload
Core Team	Uploads documents and ensures CID accuracy
Verification Nodes	Validate IPFS records against checksums
Community Members	Perform independent verification and report discrepancies
8. Next Steps

Once the CNET token is live on Solana:

Record the token metadata JSON CID here.

Add the on-chain mint address for reference.

Update the DAO portal to auto-sync IPFS updates.
